docs/user_settings.md, before:

# Where do I find any of this ?

Lapis comes with a few variables that alters the way it looks. In order to change any variable, select a Lapis card in the Browser (`Browse`), then click on `Cards` (top-left of the card editor), and navigate to the `Styling` section.  
These variable enable some popular CSS tweaks to the card one might want.
You should get instant feedback when changing a variable on the preview inside Anki, so don't be afraid to try changing them.  
Make sure you **don't forget** a _doublequote_ or a _semi-colon_ at the end of a line.

# Settings breakdown

### main-picture-position

`"left"` to swap the picture and the vocabulary box.
Valid values : `"left"`, `"right"`
Default value : `"left"`

### sentence-furigana

Controls how your sentence furigana is displayed.
Valid values : `"hover"`, `"always"`, `"off"`
Default value : `"hover"`

### sentence-position

Displays the sentence above or below the definition box.
Valid values : `"above"`, `"below"`
Default value : `"above"`

### mobile-sentence-position

Same as above, but for mobile.

### mobile-audio-buttons

On mobile, audio play buttons are shown on the button left of the card. If you want a layout similar to desktop you can set this to `"header"`  
Valid values : `"default"`, `"header"`

### nsfw-blur-contained

The blur effect for NSFW tagged card overflows outside the picture box by default. You can disable this with this variable  
Valid values : `"on"`, `"off"`
Default value : `"off"`

### open-misc-info

Expands the misc-info box by default
Valid values : `"on"`, `"off"`
Default value : `"off"`

### glossary-separator

Adds a line between different dictionaries in glossaries.
Valid values : `"on"`, `"off"`
Default value : `"off"`

Note : The formatting of JMDict has all meanings of a word in its own entry, so they all get separated.

### jitendex-format

Customizes Jitendex dictionary by removing some information
Valid values : `"full"`, `"minimal"`, space-separated list of `no-tags`, `no-sentence`, `no-forms`, `no-xref`, `no-img`
Default value : `"full"`
| values | behaviour |
| ---------- | --------- |
| `minimal` | removes **everything** except the meanings. Careful as it will also remove explanations you might want to keep. |
| `no-tags` | removes POS tags. |
| `no-sentence` | removes example sentence. |
| `no-forms` | removes the forms table. |
| `no-xref` | removes cross references to other entries (See also...) |
| `no-img` | removes images |

Therefore, having `--jitendex-foramt: "no-forms no-sentence no-xref";` will hide forms, examples sentences and cross references.

# Is that it ? How can I change xx or yy ?

If you think you need to change something in the layout, and that it would also benefit other users of Lapis. We are open to suggestions, please open an issue.

Commit message:

Adds alt picture and audio-buttons layouts options

docs/user_settings.md, after:

# Where do I find any of this ?

Lapis comes with a few variables that alters the way it looks. In order to change any variable, select a Lapis card in the Browser (`Browse`), then click on `Cards` (top-left of the card editor), and navigate to the `Styling` section.  
These variable enable some popular CSS tweaks to the card one might want.
You should get instant feedback when changing a variable on the preview inside Anki, so don't be afraid to try changing them.  
Make sure you **don't forget** a _doublequote_ or a _semi-colon_ at the end of a line.

# Settings breakdown

Some of these settings have mobile version, allowing you to setup different layouts per platform.

### main-picture-position

Valid values : `"right"`, `"left"`, `"alt"`.
Default value : `"right"`
| values | behaviour |
| ---------- | --------- |
| `right` | Next to the vocab (default) |
| `left` | Swaps vocab and picture |
| `alt` | Outside of the header, next to the sentence |

### sentence-furigana

Controls how your sentence furigana is displayed.
Valid values : `"hover"`, `"always"`, `"off"`
Default value : `"hover"`

### sentence-position

Displays the sentence above or below the definition box.
Valid values : `"above"`, `"below"`
Default value : `"above"`
Default on mobile  : `"below"`

### audio-buttons

Change the position of audio buttons
Valid values : `"header`, `"fixed"`, `"alt"`

| values | behaviour |
| ---------- | --------- |
| `header` | Next to the pitch |
| `fixed` | In the bottom-left corner |
| `alt` | Next to the sentence |

### nsfw-blur-contained

The blur effect for NSFW tagged card overflows outside the picture box by default. You can disable this with this variable  
Valid values : `"on"`, `"off"`
Default value : `"off"`

### open-misc-info

Expands the misc-info box by default
Valid values : `"on"`, `"off"`
Default value : `"off"`

### glossary-separator

Adds a line between different dictionaries in glossaries.
Valid values : `"on"`, `"off"`
Default value : `"off"`

Note : The formatting of JMDict has all meanings of a word in its own entry, so they all get separated.

### jitendex-format

Customizes Jitendex dictionary by removing some information
Valid values : `"full"`, `"minimal"`, space-separated list of `no-tags`, `no-sentence`, `no-forms`, `no-xref`, `no-img`
Default value : `"full"`
| values | behaviour |
| ---------- | --------- |
| `minimal` | removes **everything** except the meanings. Careful as it will also remove explanations you might want to keep. |
| `no-tags` | removes POS tags. |
| `no-sentence` | removes example sentence. |
| `no-forms` | removes the forms table. |
| `no-xref` | removes cross references to other entries (See also...) |
| `no-img` | removes images |

Therefore, having `--jitendex-foramt: "no-forms no-sentence no-xref";` will hide forms, examples sentences and cross references.

# Notable Settings

You can achieve a layout similar to Lapis-modified with the following settings :
```css
--main-picture-position: "alt";
--sentence-position: "below";
--audio-buttons: "alt";
--mobile-main-picture-position: "alt";
--mobile-sentence-position: "below";
--mobile-audio-buttons: "alt";
```

# Is that it ? How can I change xx or yy ?

If you think you need to change something in the layout, and that it would also benefit other users of Lapis. We are open to suggestions, please open an issue.
